adding forbes post (#5496)
unlock-protocol/unlock: unlock-protocol.com/blog/forbes-ads-free.md

---
title: Unlocking an ads-free Forbes
subTitle: Memberships can have diverse benefits!
authorName: Julien Genestoux
publishDate: December 17, 2019
description: Forbes introduced their very first membership today and it lets anyone with an ethereum wallet unlock an ads free experience
image: /static/images/blog/forbes-ads-free/forbes.svg
---

> At Unlock, we believe that the attention driven economy will be replaced by a membership driven economy. In today's web, creation is rewarded if it is able to attract the eyes, rather than expand the sight: this brought us information overload, endless slideshows, click-bait and fake news.

Reviewer: I am not sure if the meaning behind `rather than expand the sight` is clear

Reviewer 2: I read it as meaning something like broadening horizons

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Unlock, we believe that the attention driven economy will be replaced by a membership driven economy. In today's web, creation is rewarded if it is able to attract the eyes, rather than expand the sight: this brought us information overload, endless slideshows, clickbait and fake news.
```

Also I think "clickbait" is the more common usage over "click-bait"

> Of course, more and more people are using ad-blockers, but these come with significant problems: first they starve creators from their revenue streams, and they actually do not fix the incentives. Creators are still paid based on how much attention they can steal... even if it is from fewer and fewer people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More and more people are using ad-blockers, but these come with significant problems: first they starve creators of their revenue streams, and they actually do not fix the incentives. Creators are still paid based on how much attention they can steal; even if it is from fewer and fewer people.
```

> Today, we're proud that [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/), a publication which writes a lot about the blockchain revolution, is offering the ability to unlock an ads-free experience on their site, using Unlock!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today, we're proud to announce that [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/), a publication which writes a lot about the blockchain revolution, is offering the ability to unlock an ads-free experience on their site, using Unlock!
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, we're proud to announce that [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/), a publication which writes a lot about the blockchain revolution, is offering the ability to unlock an ad-free experience on their site, using Unlock!
```

## How to

Forbes deployed 2 locks, the [first one](https://etherscan.io/token/0xf429bb8044bf4b21c65e3ec459eb3010197c6f82) offers a month long ad-free experience on the Forbes.com, while the [second offers](https://etherscan.io/token/0xb2b879764c649c7769f7c90845b0cb2a86add821) the same but only for a week. To purchase a key, you will need to use a crypto wallet such as Opera, MetaMask or Coinbase Wallet. Then, head to The [crypto section of forbes.com](https://www.forbes.com/crypto-blockchain), and click on the "Unlock and ads free experience" button.

TK Screenshot!

An Unlock powered pop-up will open up, allowing you to send a transaction to purchase key! Immediately, even if the transaction has not been mined yet (thanks to optimistic unlocking), you should see the ads disappear, for the duration of the key you bought, on the whole forbes.com website!

Once the transaction has been mined, users will receive a non fungible token which represents their membership! Like any NFT, they can transfer it on store like OpenSea, for example.

![Forbes NFT](/static/images/blog/forbes-ads-free/forbes-nft.png)

> ## Dog fooding

Reviewer: I would consider adjusting this heading to something a long the lines of `Experimentation`. While Forbes is using the product they are not dogfooding as they are customers in this case.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_your_own_dog_food

Author: Well I disagree with that. They are dog fooding in a sense that they are also a "customer" of the technology. And the paragrah actually mentions both forbes and "us" crypto-enthusiasts!

Reviewer 2: Scenario 1: Microsoft employees using pre-release betas of Windows to do their day-to-day work (whether they are developers or not)

Scenario 2: A company other than Microsoft choosing to deploy Windows machines to all their employees.

I think that Scenario 1 is dogfooding, and scenario 2 is not. I also think that the Forbes integration is more like scenario 2 than 1.

> Forbes is at the fore-front of pubications writing about crypto and blockchain and they're doing what too few "advocates" in that space are making: experimenting with crypto based solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Forbes is at the forefront of publications writing about crypto and blockchain and they're doing what too few "advocates" in that space are making: experimenting with crypto based solutions.
```

> Similarly, if you believe as a user that crypto-currencies are the future of money, whether it is store value, exchange goods and services or even as a decentralizing technology, you should experiment with it!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly, if you believe as a user that cryptocurrencies are the future of money, whether as stores of value, means of exchanging goods and services, or even as decentralizing technology, you should experiment with it!
```
